hi YouTube um I'm back to basically do
another review on a product that I've
purchased a month ago and I just want to
give you my basic review on it
I'm totally not a hair person but I saw
this in a store and I thought that it
would be the product that I thought it
would be but obviously what that turned
out wrong
so this is the product right here for
all the hair lovers out there this is
can twos with shea butters of flat iron
spray just say that I don't like to
spray I don't like it at all I don't
like it I don't know if it's just me or
if it's my hair but I don't like it at
all
gay therese allowed to like it number
one when i spray this in my hair it is
basically a heat protectant so when you
spray it in your hair is supposed to
make it here prone to the heat from a
flatiron oh yeah what's on fire and when
i spray this on my hair and i flat
ironed my hair recently it made my hair
stiff as a board
I couldn't comb it I couldn't do
anything with the hair after i flat
ironed it but I was like I'm gonna do a
tester piece and just to see how good it
is to be honest with you I would not
recommend this it's a flatiron each
birth I tested it out just to see how it
would be and normally when I Flatiron my
hair I use this product right here
Fantasia's I see heat protectant see
right now if you guys can see that but
this is what I normally use and for some
reason when I bought this product I
thought it was going to be what I
thought it was when I purchased it but
it didn't turn out that way number two
why I don't like just product it has
alcohol in there in ingredients it says
it has alcohol it has nothing
Desa shea butter in there and it's made
with pure shea butter but yet it has
alcohol in there I don't like it I don't
like it
I don't like the fact that this thing is
made with pure shea butter I thought it
was going to be oil at first like oil
that's made with shea butter to protect
your hair but obviously that didn't turn
out the way how I wanted it to be so I
was a very disappointed customer when I
bought this I should return it but you
know at the hair store they don't allow
you to return stuff like that so yeah
probably the only thing I like is is the
can I like how - can is neat and orange
it is so pretty and I just like the
color of the Kin that's probably the
only thing I really do like about this
product is the can I don't really care
for nothing else about this product if
you are a hair person and you are
looking for a hairspray to protect your
hair while you're straight in it don't
buy this do not buy this I am Telling
You from my own experience maybe my hair
is too oh I don't know made my hair not
react Abul to it but this product here I
don't like it
don't buy it do not fight don't buy it
don't spend your money I pay like five
dollars for this it is a waste of my
dollars you know what you could get for
five dollars a better hair product I'm
telling you this I don't find the C do
not buy it it will make your hair heart
be hard to comb it's bad enough that my
hair is not the way how it is it's a
little shaky right about nails like I
have to be careful of what I use in my
hair or us my hair just like wrong oh
you know like fall out so it's like
don't buy this especially if your hair
is very weak and sensitive do not buy it
but other than that that is just
basically an overview of what I got and
I'm not a hippie person with it and I
would like to throw this away or give it
away to somebody who really cares about
it because I damn well sure don't care
about it so where's her product I've
ever bought you know I would never plan
on buying this ever ever ever again but
rate subscribe YouTube you know do
whatever you want to do it's all up to
you but this is my review right here so
have a good one